month and if you don't feel like tense
is the way to go how about putting it on
wheels and bringing the comforts of home
outside with you and a great way to do
that is by picking up a recreational
vehicle this is an RV right here it is
joining me this one John monterosso if
American RV thanks so much to be in here
thank you Mike well let's talk about
this this is pretty awesome looking
machine here it is it's a all-new
monocle Vesta / get motorhome ever
engineered from a molded clay went
through wind tunnel testing can be very
aerodynamic very user friendly and very
easy to drive it's an air-ride air brake
or leveling and you can even tell just
by looking at it's different than the
normal flat front grass and it starts
with the front and if you go down the
side of the motor home from the outside
you see we have the frameless seamless
windows okay and as we work our way back
through the wind tunnel testing they
discovered that at the back of a motor
home there's a big vacuum created so
they've kind of angled that back to
eliminate the vacuum and improve the
fuel economy and has it improved if you
look on significantly this is the class
a 32-foot big slide out we need to get
between 14 to 16 miles to the gallon
what is it about these kind of vehicles
that really interest folks come on in
let me show you around wait see what we
can find it here alright
hello my Davis in here that's for sure
and it starts right when we enter the
door ok we're on ceramic tile versus
carpeting in years past people have
learned to hate carpeting because you're
at the beach you're outdoors or coming
in dirty feet here it's all ceramic easy
to clean and these studies marvel that
is a Polish corian countertops ok and
I'll take me through some of the other
things this is loaded to the gills or it
is loaded to the gills up top we have
dual air conditioners one for the front
one for the back okay the F heat pumps
in them so that'll blow out the heat
you're not using nearly as much propane
we have a ultra leather Villa sofa okay
with the height of bed that pulls out
and two can comfortably sleep there and
that's an air mattress there as well
both the driver and passenger seats will
turn into the living room area and if
you notice on this motor home if I'm
sitting here relaxing my TV is in the
living room Wow okay and for years
people have been cranking their neck up
looking up here at the Headroom here is
pretty good yes it is all right let's
going back here let's take a look
they're actually the your kitchen in
here now yep very usable very functional
kitchen lots of storage prof let's get
this up Sooey oh yeah look at that well
sorry Michael okay you know and you get
a freezer as well with an ice maker all
right let's take a look at the bedroom
back here and one before we get to the
bedroom oh the pain wardrobe and pantry
combination okay I gotta ask you what
some of these things run for all they
selling 175,000 dollar range ok let's
you know not a small piece of change and
this is a one size better we that is a
residential queen bed queen bed
Wow and then you gotta shower anything
else this thing can do John can this
thing fly yeah it feels like at a time
what's in it this is another bathroom
there's the bathroom and then you have a
privacy pocket door kuchta way here to
isolate the bedroom bathroom from the
living area now somebody's interested in
some like this John on the guilty they
call us at 45 5 30 to 50 American RV
we're right on 76 street southeast
corner of 76 Street 131 freeway and you
said this is the most popular model
diplomat in our top selling motor home
since January when we got our first one
and we actually had this at the devos
January show and I think we had close to
20,000 people through this motor coach
not this exact one was just like I'm
kidding all right well yeah this is
certainly a great way to go i know that
full director mike davis is going to
hang out here now but we're going to
take a break I think we're gonna throw
it to Emily and this is roughing it
smoothly yeah